[KEP-2731] Add docs for Kubelet OpenTelemetry tracing graduation (#39904)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/cluster-administration/system-traces.md

#### Enabling tracing in the kubelet

> To enable tracing, apply the [tracing configuration](https://github.com/kubernetes/component-base/blob/release-1.25/tracing/api/v1/types.go).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable tracing, apply the [tracing configuration](https://github.com/kubernetes/component-base/blob/release-1.27/tracing/api/v1/types.go).
```
?

For GA, we'll want to link to something other than source code (eg a reference page).

  samplingRatePerMillion: 100
```

If the `samplingRatePerMillion` is set to one million (`1000000`), then every
span will be sent to the exporter.

> With the graduation of the feature to beta, the kubelet will collect spans from

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The kubelet in Kubernetes v{{< skew currentVersion >}} collects spans from
```
?
